System variables: update `broadcast_join_threshold_count` and `broadc… (#6181)
pingcap/docs: tiflash/use-tiflash.md

TiFlash provides the following two global/session variables to control whether to use Broadcast Hash Join:

> - [`tidb_broadcast_join_threshold_size`](/system-variables.md#tidb_broadcast_join_threshold_count-new-in-v50): The unit of the value is bytes. If the table size (in the unit of bytes) is less than the value of the variable, the Broadcast Hash Join algorithm is used. Otherwise, the Shuffled Hash Join algorithm is used. When `tidb_broadcast_join_threshold_size = -1`, the threshold value indicates infinity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`tidb_broadcast_join_threshold_size`](/system-variables.md#tidb_broadcast_join_threshold_count-new-in-v50): The unit of the value is bytes. If the table size (in the unit of bytes) is less than the value of the variable, the Broadcast Hash Join algorithm is used. Otherwise, the Shuffled Hash Join algorithm is used. When `tidb_broadcast_join_threshold_size = -1`, the threshold is infinitely large..
```

> - [`tidb_broadcast_join_threshold_count`](/system-variables.md#tidb_broadcast_join_threshold_count-new-in-v50): The unit of the value is rows. If the objects of the join operation belong to a subquery, the optimizer cannot estimate the size of the subquery result set, so the size is determined by the number of rows in the result set. If the estimated number of rows in the subquery is less than the value of this variable, the Broadcast Hash Join algorithm is used. Otherwise, the Shuffled Hash Join algorithm is used. When `tidb_broadcast_join_threshold_count = -1`, the threshold value indicates infinity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`tidb_broadcast_join_threshold_count`](/system-variables.md#tidb_broadcast_join_threshold_count-new-in-v50): The unit of the value is rows. If the objects of the join operation belong to a subquery, the optimizer cannot estimate the size of the subquery result set, so the size is determined by the number of rows in the result set. If the estimated number of rows in the subquery is less than the value of this variable, the Broadcast Hash Join algorithm is used. Otherwise, the Shuffled Hash Join algorithm is used. When `tidb_broadcast_join_threshold_count = -1`, the threshold is infinitely large..
```
